Do you still want to buy it? Don’t let me disgrace you today.
Yes, where did you say this?
Now we are already on the same line,
How could I see you throwing it away?
How did it end with your cooperation?
But no matter what, I am still a Jiaoshe student.
I'm sorry, don't blame me for pretending to be a traitor.
It's just that I've tried it until now, and it's a big wasteland,
Such a powerful message has been created,
Still like this brothers.
I'm waiting for this to look like the Public Security Law
must be subject to
His Majesty’s City Law
I shouldn't have believed that you could ascend to the throne in the first place
I plan to go back to visit His Majesty
Everyone knows how to take advantage of me
Prince Bei didn't even think about it.
He can actually create something like this
Please trust me again
This time it will be a week's work
I don’t know what Prince Wu’s plans are
I have checked
My great emperor brother's life will be shaken today
With such a strong life, let’s talk about it
I'm also afraid that he won't give me an estimate of the soil formula.
You don't have to worry
I can't explain it like a hot pot
So you come
Are you still afraid of your Number Emperor?
It’s really true that you have more space to try words
Then me and my wife
What good thing does he want?
Of course he talks a lot.
don't need our
Not worthy of subsidy
But then it’s easy to calculate
I really believe you once
As long as the two are located, I can match it well
When the time comes, I will be known as Fuguang
Judge the country's crimes in one go
Or this big Guangzhou
can only create this place